com/newproject/book/comfig/WebConfig.java
 com.newproject.book.comfig.WebConfig
com/newproject/book/web/dto/PostsSaveRequestDto.java
 com.newproject.book.web.dto.PostsSaveRequestDto
 com.newproject.book.web.dto.PostsSaveRequestDto$PostsSaveRequestDtoBuilder
com/newproject/book/web/dto/PostsUpdateRequestDto.java
 com.newproject.book.web.dto.PostsUpdateRequestDto
 com.newproject.book.web.dto.PostsUpdateRequestDto$PostsUpdateRequestDtoBuilder
com/newproject/book/web/dto/PostsResponseDto.java
 com.newproject.book.web.dto.PostsResponseDto
com/newproject/book/comfig/auth/LoginUser.java
 com.newproject.book.comfig.auth.LoginUser
com/newproject/book/web/dto/HelloResponseDto.java
 com.newproject.book.web.dto.HelloResponseDto
com/newproject/book/web/dto/OAuthAttributes.java
 com.newproject.book.web.dto.OAuthAttributes
 com.newproject.book.web.dto.OAuthAttributes$OAuthAttributesBuilder
com/newproject/book/web/domain/posts/PostsRepository.java
 com.newproject.book.web.domain.posts.PostsRepository
com/newproject/book/web/HelloController.java
 com.newproject.book.web.HelloController
com/newproject/book/web/domain/posts/Posts.java
 com.newproject.book.web.domain.posts.Posts
 com.newproject.book.web.domain.posts.Posts$PostsBuilder
com/newproject/book/web/domain/user/Role.java
 com.newproject.book.web.domain.user.Role
com/newproject/book/web/PostsApiController.java
 com.newproject.book.web.PostsApiController
com/newproject/book/web/domain/user/UserRepository.java
 com.newproject.book.web.domain.user.UserRepository
com/newproject/book/comfig/auth/dto/SessionUser.java
 com.newproject.book.comfig.auth.dto.SessionUser
com/newproject/book/web/domain/posts/BaseTimeEntity.java
 com.newproject.book.web.domain.posts.BaseTimeEntity
com/newproject/book/web/service/posts/PostsService.java
 com.newproject.book.web.service.posts.PostsService
com/newproject/book/web/dto/PostsListResponseDto.java
 com.newproject.book.web.dto.PostsListResponseDto
com/newproject/book/web/domain/user/User.java
 com.newproject.book.web.domain.user.User
 com.newproject.book.web.domain.user.User$UserBuilder
com/newproject/book/comfig/auth/CustomOAuth2UserService.java
 com.newproject.book.comfig.auth.CustomOAuth2UserService
com/newproject/book/comfig/auth/SecurityConfig.java
 com.newproject.book.comfig.auth.SecurityConfig
com/newproject/book/web/IndexController.java
 com.newproject.book.web.IndexController
com/newproject/book/comfig/auth/LoginUserArgumentResolver.java
 com.newproject.book.comfig.auth.LoginUserArgumentResolver
com/newproject/book/Application.java
 com.newproject.book.Application
com/newproject/book/comfig/JpaConfig.java
 com.newproject.book.comfig.JpaConfig
